tonight our 10th annual pedestrian
belly-flop competition we go out on the
street we grab people passing by minding
their own business we have them take off
their clothes and jump on them into a
pool on television so it's like our
version of the Olympics but fatter so
that's the pool and back of our theater
that's where people be jumping in front
of our theater we have my cousin Sal
cousin Sal hey how you doing we're
happening right now looking for people
who are willing to strip down and flop
into the pool and do you have candidates
for us I do I think this work guys gonna
be great come on hey all right oh how
you doing and then are you what's your
name
timba - what's your name sorry Timbo
Timbo yes sir ha ha ha how do you spell
that th e m ba th e m ba
yes sir November yeah it's pronounced
Timbo yes sir
so like cutting down a tree yeah yeah oh
boy did your parents give you a hell of
a life all right what do you do for a
living temp I'm a third grade educator
oh very good Columbus Ohio you're from
Chicago
Ohio Ohio yes sir very good all right
well maybe you could jump in those
shorts you might not even need to change
but come on through we'll send you
through and we'll get you in the back
and we'll get you all unsuited up and
who else will we have out there went
even better looking all right what's
your name
Haley Haley yeah how do you spell that H
de lui
okay very good all right Haley where are
you from Ottawa Canada Ottawa Canada
all right you're we're gonna add would
you like to jump at our pool I think I
have to yeah you know you you I think
you ought to also so you come up follow
follow timber all right all right sound
them some more bellies and we'll check
back in with you oh there's Timbo
this'll be fun oh hey how you doing hi
Haley go right through seems like
there's got to be a better route than
right behind me oh whoa look at this so
speaking a big star
how are you doing how you doing laughs
this is business too many people was
this
hey hero where are you going I gotta
take them outside okay alright there's
no way there's too many people right now
it is time for our 10th annual
pedestrian belly flop competition a
belly flop pool with our belly flop
security guard gear well how's the water
have you tested the water warm is very
nice the water is warm and very nice
alright well that's that's nice well
first let's meet our expert panel of
judges first we have a three-time
Olympian in bobsled track & field please
welcome miss Lolo Jones Lolo I'm doing
good thank you for having me my next
move out from Judge eNOS is to go judge
the Olympic gymnastics team so do you
consider this warmup I mean really
judging the Olympic gymnastics team is
gonna be a real step-down effort I know
I need it know I needed to add this on
my resume I'm going straight to Rio
after this to judge them very good
alright next we have TV and fashion
personality star of EJ NYC ani and Sun
of Magic Johnson EJ Johnson is here with
EJ will you be factoring style into your
scores you know that's good that's a
good that's a good idea okay I'm going
to be judging everyone faithing suits so
everybody could get it giving looks back
there okay keep in mind these bathing
suits were thrust upon them moments ago
so decide if your fault yeah yeah we ran
them to Marshalls or something I ran out
right without work well then I'll be
touching you and your outfit choices
okay very good all right I will remain
in this shoot and the anchor of our
judging panel also the anchor around our
family's neck my aunt chippy is here
with us tonight
and chibi let me ask you this are your
fake eyelashes are they water-resistant
are they able to get wet am I able to
get wet no your yes your eyelashes you
know the eyelashes alone you little jerk
I'm gonna tell you that right now
because I'm gonna tell you something
I've got this gavel yeah I'll be daddy
you all right well I'm now being
threatened by the judges which doesn't
seem very nonpartisan right Guillermo
let's uh all right let's do this temp
are you ready to do this I'm ready I
can't wait okay very good now you said
you're a teacher of third graders Wilson
Ziva's ah they better have they ever
seen you with your shirt off before no
all right so this is this is gonna be
extra weird for that very weird
sambhar are you ready Tim ready but
Guillermo are you ready ready judges are
you ready yes all right the judges are
ready let's begin the flopping here we
go three two one
that was that was pretty hard you know
when you're a big guy there are a lot of
expectations and I feel like really I
feel like Tembo delivered lets you write
it's gonna be I'm gonna give him a snack
in the ass okay no it is not your tip
and route is nine and chippy itches
awesome
what's wrong a chippy you gotta be
freaking kidding me I'm a ravioli
and that's the first one the better the
ovens better be skinnier than air all
right the judges are unhappy but a good
score for Temba Ted how do you feel
right now I feel good yeah what's the
little town let's look at your let's
look at the instant replay and and and
examine your performance here you got up
pretty high which is usually not good
but I think you made up for it you have
a 25 all right let's go back to the
board
enjoy that hot dog you keep and our next
confession is Hayley Hayley is from
Canada Hayley I heard it took a little
while to get you into the bikini oh yeah
it was hard yeah did you have much to
choose from
no okay very good have you ever belly
flopped before no this is the first oh
this is the first time in 82 the
unintentionally or intentionally um
unintentionally here well what are you
thinking right now
what's that we couldn't hear you I'll
tell you off to the shoulders I'm here
Jonah
all right are you ready for this Hayley
yeah all right remember the object is to
really slap that belly we'd like it to
be red when you get out of the pool okay
all right it's count of three gear mo
countdown three two one
because I have to say I am NOT a expert
when it comes to belly flopping but the
sound that was produced by her belly
must be taken into account as far as I'm
concerned let's see what the judges say
hola lo is wet J that was very flat EJ
is like yes and chippy
she was launching in Killman okay
perfect scores you got a perfect score
hell yeah I mean you really could be
getting an end this right now and
nobody's gonna top that we may have to
go to sudden death I'm pretty impressed
with I was not expecting that at all in
a first-timer but look behind you oh my
goodness what have we on the board hello
there beautiful what is your name my
name is Jose Jose where are you from
Miami Florida but they come heavy jz-
the B okay very good
Jose what do you do for a living I'm a
teacher oh great another teacher I no
treat for the kids back home oh yeah
gates you're wondering what your teacher
does over the summer this is it
that's actually kids ever seen your
nipples before not like this not like
this alright do you think you could beat
a perfect school you can't beat a
perfect score but do you think you can
tie a perfect school after that I don't
know buddy
alright well you're gonna have to here
we go Jose alright time for you to flop
gear mo are you ready ready
mount up down three two one that was
pretty long
is he going to be covering our judges
judges but seeing in Surrey plays really
get a look at that here it comes
there he is he entered the water in
extreme fashion Lolo is that ten left
over from the last winners in another
ten I just saw his uh backsides oh he
did that and so he gets bonus points
yeah all right
over with the ten EJ it was also a
perfect hit he knew I heard fades he was
perfect perfectly jams him a perfect ten
it chippy maybe yeah giving them
annoying cuz he drowned me that is the
intent of it oh my god you got screwed
over by an chippy
I feel right now is your stomach okay I
feel great little grace thing all right
well we're gonna continue with the
flopping and we will crown our top
flopper later on
our 10th annual belly flop competition
what an amazing event that was I hope it
goes another 10 years I really do
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen forever